Oh
you
we're doing a video today for a
combination really simple really easy
everybody can learn it well just an
untouchable nice kick to this
combination so it's gonna look like this
it's an 8 count combination with a slow
count here we're starting always here
with the rights of 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
ok so basically it's a kick on the right
and kick on the left and kick with the
foot and it's turn and it's more of a
cross turn so I'll walk you through the
steps right now if you can get if you
got one alright you can get here do so
what we do is we take it a step to the
side as we do that kick I'm gonna start
by lifting your foot take it step to the
right and I'm gonna shift the weight all
the way to the right mixture here you
heel is on the floor so take a step come
down and kick extend the arm to the side
do the same thing on the other side kick
so the way should be completely shifted
which means that on this side you should
be on your toe
those two kicks will take two counts
each so the first one is gonna be and 1
2 and the other 1 3 4 and then from the
air you can link to the right we're
gonna kick with the left with the right
to the corner so once you think side
side or okay so we got a kick to the
corner and here because it's a count
move don't just lift and kick take you
back then forward so back we'll take one
count form we will take 2 counts if you
just go and kick that's gonna take one
count and then you're gonna feel like
you're off count or off meet somehow it
worked too fast okay so take you back
then take it from here so we get 1 2 3 4
take you back 5 6 and then from here
lift this foot don't cross back like
this that's your shutter and then open
to the front
that's your 8 okay so one more time slow
it's gonna give it this 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
ok don't need to move in a combination
you don't want to do too fast and it's
really easy and you have to have a
steady beat bum bum bum bum bum ok so
that's the perfect beat for this so
hopefully guys like it watch it again if
you haven't gotten it yet walk through
the steps you'll eventually get it is
easy I'll see you next time in the next
combo video free Berlin's kasa.com
is our website
you